update (#91)
Kotlin/kotlin-by-example: examples/02_control_flow/03_Ranges.md

//sampleStart
    val x = 2
    if (x in 1..10) {            // 1

>         println("if x is in 1 - 10 range " + "X is "+x)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        println("$x is in range from 1 to 10")
```

    }
   

>      val y = 5

Reviewer: Please don't complicate the example, let's use `x` in both `if`s.

Reviewer: Please remove the variable `y` and update the condition in `if`  below

>     if (y !in 1..4) {            // 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    if (x !in 5..10) {            // 2
```

>         println("if y is not in 1- 4 range " + "Y is "+y)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        println("$x is not in range from 5 to 10")
```

Reviewer: Please fix the condition of `if` in accordance with the message you print and remove the declaration of `y`.

Author: println("$x is not in range from 5 to 10")
